
1) what id the difference between var, let and const?

2) let str = "abctwerwerbdasfdhfhryerfbawqwdfeeeh";
   find frequency of occurrence of letters in a string

3) what is the difference between monalith app and microservices?

4) what is the latest version of typescript?

5) take a javascript object and write an example interface in typescript

6) take a javascript array of objects and write an example interface in typescript

7) what is hoisting?

8) what is a closure?

9) what is the difference between bind, call and apply, write example code.

10) how do you interact with a database?

11) what are the ways we can optimize database queries in mongodb?

12) how does indexes work behind the scenes? what data structure do they use?

13) explain different ways of storing the data in mongodb?

14) in mongoose library do you buld the schema beforehand or construct it on the fly?

15) explain the record type in typescript

16) how do you do modulus in javascript/nodejs

17) what are ways we can store user passwords so that we can easily do forget password and reset password functionality?

18) how to do share user session data between different server instances?

19) how do you generally authenticate a user? do you use token exipry? how do you refresh the user token if the user is online for long time?

20) what is the difference between async/await and callbacks? which is more performant? what are their drawbacks and advantages?

21) write a simple async function and also convert that async function to arrow function.

22) what is the difference between normal function and arrow function?

23) how do i retain the value of this in an arrow function when called with setInterval? (answer: by binding the this to the arrow function)

24) what happens when you are awaiting a function that returns a primitive value? how does this work internally?

25) where do you store database token and other sensitive data in your code? does .env file get commited to github?

26) describe the nodejs event loop?

27) explain in detail the different stages of the event loop?

28) if I write process.nextTick(()=>console.log("i am on line 1")) in line 1 and on line 2 I write console.log("I am on line 2"). 
    whithout running the script what will be the output?

29) for (var i = 0; i < 5; i++) {
        setTimeout(function () {
             console.log(i);
            }, i);
         }
     what is the output of this script? and why?

30) do you have experience dealing with media content on the server? how do you stream a video from a nodejs server?

31) explain the difference between GET, POST, PUT, PATCH and DELETE HTTP methods

32) How do you handle errors in your application? do you do all the handling in one place or every function is responsible to handle it's own error?

33) what is the difference between GCP cloud function vs GCP cloud run?

34) if user uploads some media where do you typically store the media? database or some external storage? which is more efficient?

35) How do you deal with cors issues? what is OPTIONS request? 

36) How do you whitelist domains in your server?


